zh,en: make the description clearer on how to use the configs (#819)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/feature-online-ddl.md

## ********* Basic configuration *********
name: test                      # The name of the task. Should be globally unique.
task-mode: all                  # The task mode. Can be set to `full`/`incremental`/`all`.

> shard-mode: "pessimistic"       # The shard merge mode. Optional modes are ""/"pessimistic"/"optimistic". The "" mode is used by default which means no specific mode is required. If the task is a shard merge task, set it to the "pessimistic" mode. After understanding the principles and restrictions of the "optimistic" mode, you can set it to the "optimistic" mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shard-mode: "pessimistic"       # The shard merge mode. Optional modes are ""/"pessimistic"/"optimistic". The "" mode is used by default which means sharding DDL merge is disabled. If the task is a shard merge task, set it to the "pessimistic" mode. After understanding the principles and restrictions of the "optimistic" mode, you can set it to the "optimistic" mode.
```
